### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is a JWT?
Javascript web token. It's a token that's generated that contains special verification that allows you to access areas of an application without having to authenticate every time you head to a new route or what not.  

- What is the signature portion of the JWT?  What does it do?
The signature portion of a jwt allows for verification that it was created by a known and trusted source, like a server. It ensures that the payload and header have not been altered; any change in either would result in a different signature.

- If a JWT is intercepted, can the attacker see what's inside the payload?
Yes.

- How can you implement authentication with a JWT?  Describe how it works at a high level.
In the context of user authentication on a site, once a user logs in successfully, a token is generated by the server and sent back to the client, where it's stored in local, session, or as a cookie. The token is then sent as part of each request and the server verifies that it's valid by checking the signature with the server's secret key.

- Compare and contrast unit, integration and end-to-end tests.
Unit tests are used to verify smaller chunks of code like functions/individual components do what they are intended to do. Integratation tests are a bit more complex in that they check the interaction between integrated units/modules. End to end testing involves testing the entire application in an environment. This is the most complex type of testing in that it involves more time and is expensive to maintain. 

- What is a mock? What are some things you would mock?
A mock is a mimicked version of a function/object for testing in instances where it's impractical to test the fucntion/object in a real world setting, say it interacts with an external system or dependency like a db, or web service or what not.

- What is continuous integration?
Code changes from multiple contributers on a software project. This involves regularly merging code changes into a single repo, reducing merge conflicts, testing, build automation, version control and documentation. 

- What is an environment variable and what are they used for?
Key - value pair/s in an application used for configuartion, storing sensitive info, etc. 

- What is TDD? What are some benefits and drawbacks?
Test driven development. Before writing any code, start writing tests. Tests should fail. Then start writing code and check against already written tests. This allows for better developed software bc it involves thoroughness from the beginning. Drawback is that it's time-consuming.

- What is the value of using JSONSchema for validation?
Can be tedious to write your own validation. It's widely used and has great documentation, allowing you to add validation without a large time-cost. 

- What are some ways to decide which code to test?
I would determine parts of the code that may be high risk, high usage, complex and have a lot of business impact.

- What does `RETURNING` do in SQL? When would you use it?
The returning clause allows you to return data from the rows that were affected by the sql query. When you use 'insert', 'update' or 'delete' in the context of sql, these operations don't output anything, so 'returning' is a way to retrieve the affected rows.

- What are some differences between Web Sockets and HTTP?
Web sockets involve two-way communication, wheras HTTP is one-way - each request is followed by a response. 

- Did you prefer using Flask over Express? Why or why not (there is no right
  answer here --- we want to see how you think about technology)?
If I had to pick one, Express. Seems like it's more widely-used and has more libraries. No huge preference though.